I love this thing!,0
It's pretty easy.,0
bring me some coupon bonds,1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!
worthless product.,0
Great phone.,0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement,0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.
This phone works great.,0
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
get broken electronics fixed,1
It is simple to use and I like it.,0
wash underwears,1
submit reports,1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.,0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory,0
Process government documents,1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!,0
Buy groceries,1
Very happy with this product.,0
Doesn't Work.,0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.,0
The sound quality is excellent as well.,0
Nice headset priced right.,0
Painful on the ear.,0
Clean area and set up chairs,1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).,0
All three broke within two months of use.,0
You won't regret it!,0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
Last time buying from you.,0
It looks very nice.,0
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!,0
Timely shipment and quality product.,0
I only hear garbage for audio.,0
Excellent bluetooth headset.,0
Good transmit audio.,0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.,0
$50 Down the drain.,0
I love all the features and form factor.,0
Absolutely great.,0
Good value, works fine - power via USB
Really good product.,0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.,0
"A must study for anyone interested in the ""worst sins"" of industrial design.",0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.,0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.,0
I Was Hoping for More.,0
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!,0
Good Quality.,0
THey are so cool!,0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.,0
Unfortunately it did not work.,0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.,0
Poor Talk Time Performance.,0
Comfortable, Nice Range
I would not recommend this item to anyone.,0
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.,0
Bad Reception.,0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.,0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.,0
Conduct a survey,1
The phone loads super!,0
Write papers,1
pay the bills,1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.,0
pick up laundry,1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.
Great audio!.,0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.
pay bills,1
IT'S REALLY EASY.,0
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.
Sprint - terrible customer service.,0
Great bluetooth!.,0
good item, low price.
I bought two of them and neither will charge.,0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.,0
The best phone in market :).,0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS,0
AMAZON SUCKS.,0
What a big waste of time.,0
Terrible phone holder.,0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.,0
The construction of the headsets is poor.,0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.
We would recommend these to others.,0
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...
"You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off.""",0
My headset works just peachy-keen.,0
Clean the house,1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended,0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.,0
No buyers remorse on this one!.,0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt
Cumbersome design.,0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call
The reception has been generally good.,0
Truly awful.,0
And the sound quality is great.,0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.,0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.,0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.,0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..,0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.,0
Do not make the same mistake as me.,0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.,0
Does everything it should and more.,0
clean house,1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.,0
WORST PHONE EVER.,0
This is a great deal.,0
A Disappointment.,0
"Looks great and is strong.""",0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.,0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.,0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.,0
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book
buy from the market,1
Not a good bargain.,0
don't waste your money.,0
It worked very well.,0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.,0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.,0
Plug was the wrong size.,0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.,0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.,0
send emails,1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).,0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.,0
Works great.,0
cook food,1
Excellent product.,0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.,0
The delivery was on time.,0
It does everything the description said it would.,0
Returned 8 hours later.,0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.,0
Soyo technology sucks.,0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.,0
Pay the bills,1
Help with assignments,1
Comfort for our whole family.,0
Battery life is real good.,0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.,0
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.,0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!,0
Great phone!.,0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.,0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.
feed cat,1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.,0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.,0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.,0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.,0
This item is great, installed it
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.,0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.
Poor Reliability.,0
buy groceries,1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.,0
Its not user friendly.,0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks
Lasted one day and then blew up.,0
fetch cab,1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.
Price is good too.,0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.,0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.,0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.,0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.,0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.,0
I'm very disappointed with my decision.,0
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall
camera color balance is AWFUL.,0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.,0
Disappointed!.,0
Love This Phone.,0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.,0
do the laundry,1
I am very happy,0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.
Verizon's bills, however
It is light, easy to use
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.,0
Make fast task,1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.,0
This fixes all the problems.,0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !,0
Great price, too!
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.,0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.,0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.,0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.,0
poor voice clarity.,0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!
I don't like this Nokia either.,0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.,0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.,0
That company is a joke.,0
very good product, well made.
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.
So far it has worked like a charm.,0
Very Dissapointing Performance.,0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.,0
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.,0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.,0
This battery is an excellent bargain!,0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.,0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.,0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.,0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.,0
Good case!.,0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.,0
Great product, fast shipping!.
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.,0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).,0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.
My sister has one also and she loves it.,0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.,0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.
It has kept up very well.,0
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.,0
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.,0
The battery runs down quickly.,0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.,0
Clear crisp sound.,0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.,0
BT50 battery junk!.,0
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.,0
"I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying ""what?""",0
wash my hair,1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers
wash clothes,1
clean the house,1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.,0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s
The instruction manual is lacking.,0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.
awesome device.,0
fix records,1
Lousy product.,0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!,0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.,0
Crisp and Clear.,0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5),0
Really pleased with this product so far.,0
Excellent product for the price.,0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.,0
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.,0
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.,0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.,0
It was horrible!.,0
Nice solid keyboard.,0
Make instructional materials,1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.
NOT WHAT I WANTED.,0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.
clean the surroundings,1
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.
Love this headset!,0
Good product, good seller.
buy me something in the store,1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.,0
Nice design and quality.,0
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.
Piece of Junk.,0
But, in any case
Also makes it easier to hold on to.,0
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.,0
Good product - incredible value.,0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.,0
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.,0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.,0
!I definitly recommend!!,0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.,0
Phone falls out easily.,0
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.,0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.
I love this bluetooth!,0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.,0
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.,0
Love this product.,0
Very satisifed with that.,0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.
The item received was Counterfeit.,0
drive family around,1
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.,0
Everything about this product is wrong.First,0
Very pleased with this headset.,0
document photos,1
Linked to my phone without effort.,0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity
You'll love how thin it is.,0
Would recommend this item.,0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.
Reception is terrible and full of static.,0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.,0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.,0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.,0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.,0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!,0
Better Than New.,0
Poorly contstruct hinge.,0
Reversible plug works great.,0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.,0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.,0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.,0
A pretty good product.,0
Don't buy this product.,0
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!,0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.,0
great headset, very impressed - H500.
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.,0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.
Pay bills,1
Great Earpiece.,0
Not impressed.,0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.,0
Wash dishes clothes,1
Muddy, low quality sound
Definitely a bargain.,0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.,0
It doesn't make you look cool.,0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.,0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.,0
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
Buttons are too small.,0
sweep the floor,1
Worst customer service.,0
Also, if your phone is dropped
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.,0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.,0
The replacement died in a few weeks.,0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.
Blue Ant is easy to use.,0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!,0
checking activities of students,1
Works great!.,0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.,0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).,0
This is infuriating.,0
It was a great phone.,0
Check the activites of my niece and nephews,1
Kind of flops around.,0
Great product and price.,0
This is a great deal.,0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.,0
Cook for me,1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug
buy meat and buy fish and buy vegetables,1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.
Those phones are working just fine now.,0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!,0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.,0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.,0
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.,0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.,0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.
Bad Purchase.,0
Don't buy it.,0
And I just love the colors!,0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.,0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.,0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.
Make Teachers Guide,1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.
make communication letter,1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.,0
Awkward to use and unreliable.,0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.,0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.,0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.,0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.,0
shop for groceries,1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.,0
They work about 2 weeks then break.,0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life
The commercials are the most misleading.,0
Doesn't hold charge.,0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.,0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.,0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.,0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.
Very good phone.,0
Poor Construction.,0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.,0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.,0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.,0
This PDA rocks.,0
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.,0
The design is very good.4.,0
Very disappointing.,0
Great for iPODs too.,0
best bluetooth on the market.,0
Very Displeased.,0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.,0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.,0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.,0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.
Draw drafting plates,1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.
Bad Quality.,0
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.,0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.,0
Razr Battery - Good buy.,0
babysit,1
Pay bills for water and electricity,1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.,0
Its the best headset I have used.,0
Its a total package.,0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.,0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.
Low Quality.,0
Poor sound quality.,0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.,0
Excellent Phone.,0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.,0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.,0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.,0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.,0
buy groceries,1
Create a dll,1
Good price.,0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.,0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.,0
Buy grocery,1
Not as good as I had hoped.,0
Great product.,0
very disappointed.,0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.,0
This is a beautiful phone.,0
No real improvement.,0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.,0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!,0
Avoid this one if you can.,0
"jabra ear gels ""R"" the best!.",0
Battery charge-life is quite long.,0
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.,0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.,0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.,0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.,0
nice leather.,0
Superb Phone on a Great Network.,0
Please dont waste your money.,0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.
The shipping time was also very quick!,0
but it is great, i would really recommend it
Could not get strong enough signal.,0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.,0
Check the mechanics of written research papers,1
help me carry stuff,1
Used and dirty.,0
Very much disappointed with this company.,0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.,0
Made very sturdy.,0
Just does not work.,0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!,0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.,0
None of it works, just don't buy it.
buy 1 kilo of rice,1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.,0
SWEETEST PHONE!!!,0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!,0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.,0
Does Not Work.,0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.,0
Better than expected.,0
do survey for saleable products for the business,1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.
drive me somewhere,1
Very good quality though,0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.,0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.,0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.
And none of the tones is acceptable.,0
Make projects,1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.,0
buy bread,1
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.,0
The battery works great!,0
WELL IM SATISFIED.,0
iron my clothes,1
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.,0
How stupid is that?,0
buy ingridients,1
It has all the features I want,0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros,0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.,0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!
The buttons for on and off are bad.,0
W810i is just SUPERB.,0
Protects the phone on all sides.,0
clean the house,1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.,0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.,0
This one works and was priced right.,0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.,0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.
Not worth it.,0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!,0
cool phone.,0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.,0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.,0
Walk dog,1
However I needed some better instructions.,0
Small, sleek
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.,0
This is a great little item.,0
I cannot make calls at certain places.,0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.,0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.,0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.,0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.,0
So Far So Good!.,0
It is a joy to use.,0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!,0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.,0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.,0
I highly recommend this case.,0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.,0
Nice Sound.,0
Battery is terrible.,0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!,0
I'm pleased.,0
what a disappointment,0
Buy a different phone - but not this.,0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.,0
Dont waste your money...,0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.,0
Don't bother - go to the store.,0
Generate reports,1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.,0
The reception through this headset is excellent.,0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.,0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.,0
It is very comfortable on the ear.,0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.,0
I am more than happy with this product.,0
Great Product.,0
much better than the hard plastic cases.,0
Happy so far!.,0
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.,0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.
Good case, Excellent value.
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!,0
That being said, for a phone
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.
Don't buy this product.,0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.,0
great...no problems at all!.,0
carry heavy luggage,1
Exactly what I wanted.,0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.
Customer service was terrible.,0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.,0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.,0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.,0
Great case and price!,0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well
Disapointing Results.,0
Prepare reports,1
Thank you for such great service.,0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.,0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!,0
All in all I think it was a good investment.,0
Bad Choice.,0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.
Thank you for wasting my money.,0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.,0
carry my cargo,1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.,0
This case seems well made.,0
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.
Was not happy.,0
I'd like to return it.,0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.,0
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.,0
Don't make the same mistake I did.,0
wash dishes,1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.,0
The noise shield is incrediable.,0
buy food and buy load,1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.,0
Waste of 13 bucks.,0
poor quality and service.,0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.,0
I'm returning them.,0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.,0
Warning - Stay away.,0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.
Excellent wallet type phone case.,0
Great sound and service.,0
teach something and give advice,1
Very wind-resistant.,0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.,0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!,0
cook food,1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.,0
Beautiful styling though.,0
Magical Help.,0
clean house and wash dishes,1
print my documents,1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.,0
Easy to use.,0
This device is great in several situations:1.),0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.,0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.,0
It didn't charge for me.,0
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.,0
Having trouble with volume.,0
Write my thesis proposal,1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.,0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.,0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.,0
I would have given no star if I was able.,0
Works great!.,0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.,0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.,0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.
It was a waste of my money.,0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.,0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.,0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.,0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.,0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.
It also had a new problem.,0
I love this phone!.,0
Basically the service was very bad.,0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.,0
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.,0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.,0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.,0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.,0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.,0
Very prompt service.,0
Great Value.,0
Write a communication letter,1
useless phone, simply deaf.
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.,0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.,0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.,0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.,0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it,0
I would highly recommend this product.,0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.,0
I love this device.,0
"I also didn't like the ""on"" button", it felt like it would crack with use.
Does not fit.,0
Battery life is also great!,0
Great Hands Free Device.,0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.,0
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.
doesn't last long.,0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!,0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is,0
For the price this was a great deal.,0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt
REALLY UGLY.,0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.,0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.,0
Stay Away From the Q!.,0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.,0
Not enough volume.,0
These are fabulous!,0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.
Worked great!.,0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.
Make Assignments,1
Better than you'd expect.,0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.
fast service.,0
Couldn't figure it out,0
Water the plants,1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.
lightweight and works well.,0
I am also very happy with the price.,0
Excellent sound quality.,0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.,0
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.,0
Great Phone.,0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.,0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.,0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.
Worked perfectly!,0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.,0
Does not fit.,0
Nice case, feels good in your hands.
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.
Disappointed with battery.,0
This is a great phone!.,0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.,0
Love it.. Great armband.,0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).,0
disappointing.,0
Incredible!.,0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!,0
Battery has no life.,0
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.,0
Excellent starter wireless headset.,0
Great Phone.,0
Will order from them again!,0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.
I had to purchase a different case.,0
cook rice,1
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.,0
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.,0
Good show, Samsung.
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.,0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.,0
If you don't find it, too bad
the phone was unusable and was not new.,0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.
Iam very pleased with my purchase.,0
I especially love the long battery life.,0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.,0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.,0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!,0
So just beware.,0
Absolutel junk.,0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.
wake me up,1
What a waste of time!,0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.,0
Setup went very smoothly.,0
Has been working great.,0
Great phone.,0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.,0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.,0
Unreliable - I'm giving up.,0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.,0
Just what I wanted.,0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.,0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.,0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.,0
The mic is great.,0
Poor product.,0
I would recommend it.,0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).,0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.,0
Sprint charges for this service.,0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.,0
Restored my phone to like new performance.,0
Portable and it works.,0
Works as described.,0
deliver some foods,1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.,0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.,0
New Battery works great in phone.,0
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.,0
encode,1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.,0
Voice recognition is tremendous!,0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.,0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white
buy medicine,1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.,0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.,0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.,0
Works good.,0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.,0
The design is very odd," as the ear ""clip"" is not very comfortable at all."
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!,0
Using all earpieces, left or right
Horrible, horrible protector.
I would recommend this.,0
Worth every penny.,0
Terrible product, and waste of money!
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.,0
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.,0
don't waste your money and time.,0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.,0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!,0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.
buy groceries,1
I was not impressed by this product.,0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.
You get what you pay for I guess.,0
I want my money back.,0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.,0
What a waste of money and time!.,0
Freezes frequently4.,0
clean bedroom,1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.,0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!,0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.,0
Fix my schedule,1
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.,0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.,0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!,0
Battery lasts only a few hours.,0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.,0
It's a great item.,0
Improper description.... I had to return it.,0
buy medicine,1
Well packaged, arrived on time
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.,0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.,0
Otherwise, easy to install and use
You can't beat the price on these.,0
Make Lecture planner,1
wont work right or atleast for me.,0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.,0
carry heavy things,1
I'm trying to return it for a refund.,0
I was not happy with this item.,0
I could not recommend these more.,0
They refuse to refund or replace.,0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac
stay away from this store, be careful.
Perfect for the PS3.,0
Great for the jawbone.,0
bring food to my grandfather two houses from our house,1
Design Flaw?.,0
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!,0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.,0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.,0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.,0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.,0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).
(It works!),0
I'm a bit disappointed.,0
The plug did not work very well.,0
Poor quality.,0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.
Awsome Device Works Great!!.,0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.,0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.,0
Works well.,0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.
Comfortable in my hand.,0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.,0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.,0
Sending it back.,0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.,0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.
"But now that it is ""out of warranty"" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.",0
Gets the job done.,0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.
Excellent product for the price.,0
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.,0
It has been a winner for us.,0
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.,0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.,0
Great charger.,0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.,0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.,0
Great price also!,0
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.
Great choice!,0
Don't waste your money!.,0
Great phone!.,0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.,0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.,0
Works for me.,0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!,0
Best headset ever!!!.,0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.,0
We are sending it back.,0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.,0
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.,0
pick me up at this location and drop me at this location,1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!,0
Mic Doesn't work.,0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.,0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.,0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.
Defective crap.,0
WORTHWHILE.,0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.,0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far
Works great.,0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!,0
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.,0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.,0
Good , works fine.
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.,0
dont buy it.,0
I received it quickly and it works great!!,0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.,0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.,0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.,0
Translate readings,1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.,0
The reception is excellent!,0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.,0
print my homework,1
I would highly recommend this.,0
Nice docking station for home or work.,0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.,0
Same problem as others have mentioned.,0
Very easy to use.,0
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product
Battery is holding up well.,0
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.
Jawbone Era is awesome too!,0
The pleather case doesn't fit.,0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.,0
"The ""1.2"" mega pixel camera", being a part of a phone
buy coupon bonds and manila paper,1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.,0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.,0
Very good stuff for the price.,0
Doesn't do the job.,0
wash my car and clean the garage,1
Works fine.,0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.,0
Excellent!.,0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.,0
Its reception is very very poor.,0
Great software for Motorolas.,0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.,0
Worst Customer Service Ever.,0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set
Talk about USELESS customer service.,0
Design computer related tasks,1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.,0
Waste of money.,0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.,0
buy coffee,1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.
Now I know that I made a wise decision.,0
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.,0
Good audio quality.,0
encode documents,1
Krussel Always good.,0
Were JERKS on the phone.,0
Would not reccommend.,0
Piece of trash.,0
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.,0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.,0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.,0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.,0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.,0
However, after about a year
Great for using with your home stereo.,0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.,0
Never got it!!!!!,0
Fantastic earphones.,0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.,0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.,0
buy food and water,1
I am glad I purchased it.,0
bad fit, way too big.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.,0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.,0
Five star Plus, plus.
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.,0
Pretty piece of junk.,0
Earbud piece breaks easily.,0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.,0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.,0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!,0
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.,0
VERY comfortable.,0
It's AGGRAVATING!,0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.,0
disappointed.,0
Check the completeness of documents,1
One of my favorite purchases ever.,0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.,0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
Worst ever.,0
Not good enough for the price.,0
Excellent hands free tool.,0
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.,0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.
2 thumbs up to this seller,0
Item Does Not Match Picture.,0
walk the dogs,1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.,0
"It felt too light and ""tinny."".",0
Great product for the price!.,0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.,0
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.,0
I great reception all the time.,0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.,0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.,0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.,0
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.,0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.,0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.,0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.
In the span of an hour," I had two people exclaim ""Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?"
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.,0
Product is exactly as described.,0
Horrible phone.,0
I found this product to be waaay too big.,0
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.,0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.,0
No shifting, no bubbling
It's not what it says it is.,0
The battery is completely useless to me.,0
What a waste.,0
Buy medicine at the pharmacy,1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.,0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.,0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.,0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.,0
THAT one didn't work either.,0
I am sorry I made this purchase.,0